# Narrative for Enhancement 3: Python Game Artifact

The artifact that I chose for this enhancement was a text-based game written in Python. Everything was done in a single file with all parts being hardcoded. This was created amongst one of my first classes in SNHU and I believe it provided me the best chance to showcase what I am capable of. It is very rough and does not follow any industry standard practices or any standard at all. So, I decided to rewrite it from the ground up. Using the original as a blueprint, I split the game into three parts. A main.py file that handles solely running the game. If I were to implement an executable, it would run this file. The game_engine.py is where the majority of the code for the game is. In this one, I implemented the basic loop while adding additional features such as crafting. Finally, the enhancement comes in the form of database.py which creates a text_game.db file that has all of the databases for the game. In this, I defined the dictionary of rooms, items, connections, and I implemented a crafting database as well as a user and save database. Saves are unique to each user and each user is unique to each other and must be registered beforehand. From there, I considered several key security issues when creating these features. For user authentication, I ensured that passwords were hashed using SHA-256 before being stored and prevented any plaintext storage as well to prevent them from being easily accessed. I also ensured that most if not all of the tables had duplicate protection to prevent someone from either overriding or adding any entries that already exist in the program.  I also ensured that all queries are parameterized to prevent SQL injections from occurring. Finally, I encapsulated the win/loss logic and ensured that the save/load mechanism only goes off after a verified login. With this, I believe I was able to cover all five outcomes and thus have no further updates for outcome coverage. The only real issues I had was figuring out the CRUD methods for the database and which ones were needed and how to use them. After some trial and error, I was able to properly implement only the ones needed. Past that, learning how to work with SQLite as a database and how to properly implement the necessary schema has taught me greatly. It also taught me to be very careful with the tables and ensure that duplicate entries are prevented. I had an issue where one of the tables did allow it and thus kept adding in the same entry over and over again. As a result, several of the rooms and items just kept looping.
